IBX-6717: Recent activity (#2161)
ibexa/documentation-developer: docs/search/activity_log_search_reference/user_criterion.md

# User Criterion

The `UserCriterion` Activity Log Criterion

> matches log groups having an activity by one of the users given by their IDs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
matches log groups that have an activity by one of the users given by their IDs.
```

> The [`UserCriterion` Activity Log Criterion](https://github.com/ibexa/activity-log/blob/main/src/contracts/Values/ActivityLog/Criterion/UserCriterion.php)

Author: @mnocon 
We avoid link to private repo. My mistake here.

In #1904 I replace all Github links I can by the PHP API Ref

> The [`UserCriterion` Activity Log Criterion](https://github.com/ibexa/activity-log/blob/main/src/contracts/Values/ActivityLog/Criterion/UserCriterion.php)

Author: Links removed in fae530664f7a41dc3461f58529f25c5511d9e5d5

`\[(.*)\]\(https://github.com/ibexa/activity-log/.*\)` → `$1`

## Argument

> - `ids` - List of user IDs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `ids` - list of user IDs
```
